*java.text.AttributedString* *AttributedString* An AttributedString holds text and related attribute information.

public class AttributedString
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|java.text.AttributedString_Description|
|java.text.AttributedString_Fields|
|java.text.AttributedString_Constructors|
|java.text.AttributedString_Methods|

================================================================================================================================

*java.text.AttributedString_Constructors*
|java.text.AttributedString(AttributedCharacterIterator)|Constructs an AttributedString instance with the given attributed  tex
|java.text.AttributedString(AttributedCharacterIterator,int,int)|Constructs an AttributedString instance with the subrange of  
|java.text.AttributedString(AttributedCharacterIterator,int,int,AttributedCharacterIterator.Attribute[])|Constructs an Attribut
|java.text.AttributedString(String)|Constructs an AttributedString instance with the given text.
|java.text.AttributedString(String,Map<?extendsAttributedCharacterIterator.Attribute,?>)|Constructs an AttributedString instanc

*java.text.AttributedString_Methods*
|java.text.AttributedString.addAttribute(AttributedCharacterIterator.Attribute,Object)|Adds an attribute to the entire string.
|java.text.AttributedString.addAttribute(AttributedCharacterIterator.Attribute,Object,int,int)|Adds an attribute to a subrange 
|java.text.AttributedString.addAttributes(Map<?extendsAttributedCharacterIterator.Attribute,?>,int,int)|Adds a set of attribute
|java.text.AttributedString.getIterator()|Creates an AttributedCharacterIterator instance that provides access to the entire co
|java.text.AttributedString.getIterator(AttributedCharacterIterator.Attribute[])|Creates an AttributedCharacterIterator instanc
|java.text.AttributedString.getIterator(AttributedCharacterIterator.Attribute[],int,int)|Creates an AttributedCharacterIterator

*java.text.AttributedString_Description*

An AttributedString holds text and related attribute information. It may be used as the actual data storage in some cases where 
a text reader wants to access attributed text through the AttributedCharacterIterator interface. 

An attribute is a key/value pair, identified by the key. No two attributes on a given character can have the same key. 

The values for an attribute are immutable, or must not be mutated by clients or storage. They are always passed by reference, 
and not cloned. 



*java.text.AttributedString(AttributedCharacterIterator)*

public AttributedString(java.text.AttributedCharacterIterator text)

Constructs an AttributedString instance with the given attributed text represented by AttributedCharacterIterator. 

    text - The text for this attributed string. 

*java.text.AttributedString(AttributedCharacterIterator,int,int)*

public AttributedString(
  java.text.AttributedCharacterIterator text,
  int beginIndex,
  int endIndex)

Constructs an AttributedString instance with the subrange of the given attributed text represented by 
AttributedCharacterIterator. If the given range produces an empty text, all attributes will be discarded. Note that any 
attributes wrapped by an Annotation object are discarded for a subrange of the original attribute range. 

    text - The text for this attributed string. 
    beginIndex - Index of the first character of the range. 
    endIndex - Index of the character following the last character of the range. 

*java.text.AttributedString(AttributedCharacterIterator,int,int,AttributedCharacterIterator.Attribute[])*

public AttributedString(
  java.text.AttributedCharacterIterator text,
  int beginIndex,
  int endIndex,
  java.text.AttributedCharacterIterator.Attribute[] attributes)

Constructs an AttributedString instance with the subrange of the given attributed text represented by 
AttributedCharacterIterator. Only attributes that match the given attributes will be incorporated into the instance. If the 
given range produces an empty text, all attributes will be discarded. Note that any attributes wrapped by an Annotation object 
are discarded for a subrange of the original attribute range. 

    text - The text for this attributed string. 
    beginIndex - Index of the first character of the range. 
    endIndex - Index of the character following the last character of the range. 
    attributes - Specifies attributes to be extracted from the text. If null is specified, all available attributes will be used. 

*java.text.AttributedString(String)*

public AttributedString(java.lang.String text)

Constructs an AttributedString instance with the given text. 

    text - The text for this attributed string. 

*java.text.AttributedString(String,Map<?extendsAttributedCharacterIterator.Attribute,?>)*

public AttributedString(
  java.lang.String text,
  java.util.Map<? extends java.text.AttributedCharacterIterator.Attribute, ?> attributes)

Constructs an AttributedString instance with the given text and attributes. 

    text - The text for this attributed string. 
    attributes - The attributes that apply to the entire string. 

*java.text.AttributedString.addAttribute(AttributedCharacterIterator.Attribute,Object)*

public void addAttribute(
  java.text.AttributedCharacterIterator.Attribute attribute,
  java.lang.Object value)

Adds an attribute to the entire string. 


    attribute - the attribute key 
    value - the value of the attribute; may be null 

*java.text.AttributedString.addAttribute(AttributedCharacterIterator.Attribute,Object,int,int)*

public void addAttribute(
  java.text.AttributedCharacterIterator.Attribute attribute,
  java.lang.Object value,
  int beginIndex,
  int endIndex)

Adds an attribute to a subrange of the string. 


    attribute - the attribute key 
    value - The value of the attribute. May be null. 
    beginIndex - Index of the first character of the range. 
    endIndex - Index of the character following the last character of the range. 

*java.text.AttributedString.addAttributes(Map<?extendsAttributedCharacterIterator.Attribute,?>,int,int)*

public void addAttributes(
  java.util.Map<? extends java.text.AttributedCharacterIterator.Attribute, ?> attributes,
  int beginIndex,
  int endIndex)

Adds a set of attributes to a subrange of the string. 


    attributes - The attributes to be added to the string. 
    beginIndex - Index of the first character of the range. 
    endIndex - Index of the character following the last character of the range. 

*java.text.AttributedString.getIterator()*

public |java.text.AttributedCharacterIterator| getIterator()

Creates an AttributedCharacterIterator instance that provides access to the entire contents of this string. 



    Returns: An iterator providing access to the text and its attributes. 

*java.text.AttributedString.getIterator(AttributedCharacterIterator.Attribute[])*

public |java.text.AttributedCharacterIterator| getIterator(java.text.AttributedCharacterIterator.Attribute[] attributes)

Creates an AttributedCharacterIterator instance that provides access to selected contents of this string. Information about 
attributes not listed in attributes that the implementor may have need not be made accessible through the iterator. If the list 
is null, all available attribute information should be made accessible. 


    attributes - a list of attributes that the client is interested in 

    Returns: an iterator providing access to the entire text and its selected attributes 

*java.text.AttributedString.getIterator(AttributedCharacterIterator.Attribute[],int,int)*

public |java.text.AttributedCharacterIterator| getIterator(
  java.text.AttributedCharacterIterator.Attribute[] attributes,
  int beginIndex,
  int endIndex)

Creates an AttributedCharacterIterator instance that provides access to selected contents of this string. Information about 
attributes not listed in attributes that the implementor may have need not be made accessible through the iterator. If the list 
is null, all available attribute information should be made accessible. 


    attributes - a list of attributes that the client is interested in 
    beginIndex - the index of the first character 
    endIndex - the index of the character following the last character 

    Returns: an iterator providing access to the text and its attributes 


